remember when these have a lot of babies
because there's so many fatalities in
the wild and so like I say we don't like
to have fatalities because this is not
the while so this cutting looks like you
know some people think wow that's crazy
you cut them and they're bleeding when
they cut themselves a lot of times they
bleed you can see the blood right here
and then it recedes and it sucks into
the egg after so like tomorrow all these
will look like this egg which ones that
aren't out and we've been doing this for
about this is our 25th year breeding
snakes and we're having a good time
doing it actually fit with it's been a
my hobby yes sore throat at least make a
noise with a big party for my daughter
the other night and I don't think I was
outside barbecuing too long but anyway
when these come out we'll put some on
display he's got the last egg there yeah
when we got there last one here
there's gotta be a mommy son could be
I'm all too confused we have a couple
babies in here I don't know why they're
in here but we'll figure it out maybe
Tim that Brad and put a different mail
in for a day or two to see what would
happen and maybe he got some he got in
there got gotta split father clutch last
week we had a clutch about two weeks ago
we had a clutch actually haps it had two
fathers and it ended up making two three
kinds of snakes that never been seen
before in one clutch so it was kind of
the impossible happen because we had two
fathers are so many eggs and sounds kind
of exciting and you'll see if you guys
ever gone YouTube you can actually check
out our channel it's called Prehistoric
Pets TV there's all kinds of stuff that
we even have a little show we did for a
little bit we almost had a reality show
for a little bit but didn't quite get it
but we're gonna see we could do after we
get the new side so you guys have any
questions look well we we have she asked
a good question how many times a year do
we do this well we have some bout 100
hundred clutches a year so but that's
not counting ball pythons so we actually
have to not almost 200 clutches of
babies a year so it depends what we're
going to do in the future is we're going
to tweet it and put it on our Facebook
in our YouTube so that you guys could
for people can either come down to
actually see it when we have something
special being laid or or actually being
hatched some days will be hatching a
delaying the same days because in the
other room there's actually going to be
big glass windows we can actually see us
poking the eggs which is sometimes
interesting because the females don't
always appreciate us stealing their eggs
as you can imagine moms but after a few
years of they understand it's not a big
deal there get to know it's more and
more but as we take them sometimes it
makes them a little bit nervous so